README.md, before:

# Tinder API Documentation

Unoffical documentation of the Tinder API

Big shoutout to [@fbessez](https://github.com/fbessez/Tinder) and [@rtt](https://gist.github.com/rtt/10403467#file-tinder-api-documentation-md) and their work back in 2018 and 2014. They have done most of the reverse engineering and without them this project would not have been possible.

**Note: This is an unofficial documentation and I have nothing to do with Tinder nor their API. I take no responsibility for any potential damage, banned accounts or other troubles related to projects build upon this documentation** 

## Contributing

### Reverse Engineering

You can propose an endpoint to be added or removed to the documentation by opening an [issue](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/issues/new/choose). Alternatively you can do further research on a endpoint that was already proposed but where information is still missing. Checkout the [project board](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/projects/1) for details.  

### Documentation

Or  you can write the documentation for a endpoint. You can choose any endpoint that is located in the `Confirmed` card in the [project board](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/projects/1).    

## Wrapper:

  * Python:
    - [Tinder.py](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder.py)
  * JS:
    - [Tinder.js](https://github.com/puf17640/tinder.js)

Commit message:

add endpoints.md and update readme

README.md, after:

# Tinder API Documentation

Unoffical documentation of the Tinder API

Big shoutout to [@fbessez](https://github.com/fbessez/Tinder) and [@rtt](https://gist.github.com/rtt/10403467#file-tinder-api-documentation-md) and their work back in 2018 and 2014. They have done most of the reverse engineering and without them this project would not have been possible.

**Note: This is an unofficial documentation and I have nothing to do with Tinder nor their API. I take no responsibility for any potential damage, banned accounts or other troubles related to projects build upon this documentation** 

## Contributing

### Reverse Engineering

You can propose an endpoint to be added or removed to the documentation by opening an [issue](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/issues/new/choose). Alternatively you can do further research on a endpoint that was already proposed but where information is still missing. Checkout the [project board](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/projects/1) for details.  

### Documentation

Or  you can write the documentation for a endpoint. You can choose any endpoint that is located in the `Confirmed` card in the [project board](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder-api/projects/1). Add the endpoints you want to documentate to the `endpoints.md` file and open a pull request.   

## Wrapper:

  * Python:
    - [Tinder.py](https://github.com/Kaktushose/tinder.py)
  * JS:
    - [Tinder.js](https://github.com/puf17640/tinder.js)
